docs: Extend contribution parts with DoD hints (#94)
eclipse/kiso-testing: docs/getting_started/contribution_guide.rst

Any contributions to Kiso-testing project code base needs to be licensed under
EPL v2.0.

What should I do before committing ?
------------------------------------

PEP8-Compliancy
---------------

> In order to maintain clear and user-friendly project make sure, that your
> changes respect PEP8 standards. PEP8 is a guide that provides Python best
> practices (naming, indentation,...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PEP8 is the python naming convention and it also applies to our project.
```
:)

Official document : https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/

> To make sure your changes are PEP8 Compliant it exists different tools, that
> help you on this tasks :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure your changes are PEP8 Compliant, different tools exist to help you here:
```

    - linter (applicable on IDE) :
        show some warning directly on IDE
    - pre-commit hook :
        hook scripts that look after different issues (white space, trailing,...)

Typography
----------
Most of the comments made during PR-Reviewing are about typography/misspelling
mistakes. An easy way to avoid these is by running
`codespell <https://pypi.org/project/codespell/>`_ on your written code.

Function Annotation
-------------------

> Inside the ITF, every implemented function must have annotations for its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In kiso-testing every implemented function must have annotations for its
```

parameters and return types. This results in increased readability and
therefore in easier comprehension of the code for any reader.

    .. code:: python

        def some_fun(some_dict_param: dict, some_string_param: str) -> list:

    .. note:: As not every types are available in the builtins, or as it is
        important to precise inner type you might import some from collections
        module or typing

    .. code:: python

        from typing import List
        from collections import namedtuple

        def some_fun(
            some_int_list_param: List[int], some_imported_type_param: namedtuple
        ) -> list:

Testing
-------
To ensure the correct behaviour of your code, add unit tests for every of
your implemented functions. A convenient and pythonic way to do this is
given by `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/>`_
Unittesting is ensure with `codecov <https://docs.codecov.com/docs>`_. It

> simply checks code coverage is not going lower than it was before changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simply checks if the code coverage is not going lower than it was before changes.
```

To ensure proper integration of your changes into the existing features,

> and demonstrate their usages, adapt the examples of modified module, and run

Reviewer: I would put a different section for the examples :)

Author: Do you mean that, I should split Testing section into 2 differents ?

Any contributions to Kiso-testing project code base needs to be licensed under
EPL v2.0.

What should I do before committing ?
------------------------------------

PEP8-Compliancy
---------------
In order to maintain clear and user-friendly project make sure, that your

> changes respect PEP8 standards. PEP8 is a guide that provides Python best

Reviewer 2: PEP8 gives coding conventions for python code.

practices (naming, indentation,...).
Official document : https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/

To make sure your changes are PEP8 Compliant, different tools exist to help you
here:
    - linter (applicable on IDE) :
        show some warning directly on IDE
    - pre-commit hook :
        hook scripts that look after different issues (white space, trailing,...)

Typography
----------
Most of the comments made during PR-Reviewing are about typography/misspelling
mistakes. An easy way to avoid these is by running
`codespell <https://pypi.org/project/codespell/>`_ on your written code.

Function Annotation
-------------------

> In kiso-testing, every implemented function must have annotations for its

Reviewer 2: It's call type hints and it's call type hinting

parameters and return types. This results in increased readability and
therefore in easier comprehension of the code for any reader.

    .. code:: python

        def some_fun(some_dict_param: dict, some_string_param: str) -> list:

    .. note:: As not every types are available in the builtins, or as it is
        important to precise inner type you might import some from collections
        module or typing

    .. code:: python

        from typing import List
        from collections import namedtuple

        def some_fun(
            some_int_list_param: List[int], some_imported_type_param: namedtuple
        ) -> list:

Unit Testing
------------
To ensure the correct behaviour of your code, add unit tests for every of
your implemented functions. A convenient and pythonic way to do this is
given by `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/>`_

> Unittesting is ensure with `codecov <https://docs.codecov.com/docs>`_. It

Reviewer 2: code coverage is ensure by codecov not Unittesting

simply checks if the code coverage is not going lower than it was before changes.

Examples Adaptation
-------------------
To ensure proper integration of your changes into the existing features,
and demonstrate their usages, adapt the examples of modified module, and run
it locally.

Update Documentation
--------------------
Regarding documentation there are four main purposes that have to be fulfill
before committing :
    - Documentation regarding the changes :
        Make sure that the documentation allow easy understanding of the new
        feature(s).This step mainly concern docstring (module, class, and function)
        as shown below, but you could also have to change .rst documentation if
        your changes concern general working principle of the ITF (e.g. cli)

    .. code:: python

        """
        name_of_the_module
        ******************

        :module: name_of_the_module
        :synopsis: short description of the module.

        Extended description of the module's functionnality,
        how it works, etc

        .. currentmodule:: name_of_the_module
        """

    .. code:: python

        class ClassName:

>         """Short description of class

Reviewer 2: missing ending """

    .. code:: python

        def fun(param1, param2):
        """Short description of fun.

        More extended description of the function
        if needed.

        :param param1: short description of param1
        :param param2: short description of param2

>         :return: short description of the return parameter

Reviewer 2: maybe include the way to add raised exception in the docstring(tag raises)

Reviewer 2: In addition you can add note, and warning usage

Any contributions to Kiso-testing project code base needs to be licensed under
EPL v2.0.

What should I do before committing ?
------------------------------------

PEP8-Compliancy
---------------
In order to maintain clear and user-friendly project make sure, that your
changes respect PEP8 standards. PEP8 is a guide that provides Python coding
conventions (naming, indentation,...).
Official document : https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/

To make sure your changes are PEP8 Compliant, different tools exist to help you
here:
    - linter (applicable on IDE) :
        show some warning directly on IDE

>     - pre-commit hook :
>         hook scripts that look after different issues (white space, trailing,...)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - pykiso pre-commit hooks:
        hook scripts that lint the added code using flake8 and format it using black and isort (for installation see :ref:`getting_started`)
```
(reference to be added in getting_started.rst)

Typography
----------
Most of the comments made during PR-Reviewing are about typography/misspelling
mistakes. An easy way to avoid these is by running
`codespell <https://pypi.org/project/codespell/>`_ on your written code.

Function type hinting
---------------------
In kiso-testing, every implemented function must have annotations for its
parameters and return types (type hints). This results in increased readability and
therefore in easier comprehension of the code for any reader.

    .. code:: python

        def some_fun(some_dict_param: dict, some_string_param: str) -> list:

    .. note:: As not every types are available in the builtins, or as it is
        important to precise inner type you might import some from collections
        module or typing

    .. code:: python

        from typing import List
        from collections import namedtuple

        def some_fun(
            some_int_list_param: List[int], some_imported_type_param: namedtuple
        ) -> list:

> 

Reviewer 4: To prevent circular dependencies 

```suggestion

.. code:: python

	from __future__ import annotations

	from typing import TYPE_CHECKING

	if TYPE_CHECKING:
		from Fruits import banana

	class BananaJuiceMaker:
		def __init__(self, banana: Banana) -> None:
			self.banana = banana

    ...
```

Unit Testing
------------

> To ensure the correct behaviour of your code, add unit tests for every of
> your implemented functions. A convenient and pythonic way to do this is

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To ensure the correct behaviour of your code, add unit tests for every function you implemented. A convenient and pythonic way to do this is
```

given by `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/>`_

> Code coverage is ensure with `codecov <https://docs.codecov.com/docs>`_. It

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Code coverage is measured with `codecov <https://docs.codecov.com/docs>`_. It
```

simply checks if the code coverage is not going lower than it was before changes.

Examples Adaptation
-------------------
To ensure proper integration of your changes into the existing features,
and demonstrate their usages, adapt the examples of modified module, and run
it locally.

Update Documentation
--------------------

> Regarding documentation there are four main purposes that have to be fulfill

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Regarding documentation there are four main purposes that have to be fulfilled
```

before committing :

>     - Documentation regarding the changes :
>         Make sure that the documentation allow easy understanding of the new
>         feature(s).This step mainly concern docstring (module, class, and function)
>         as shown below, but you could also have to change .rst documentation if
>         your changes concern general working principle of the ITF (e.g. cli)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Documentation regarding the changes :
        Make sure that the documentation allow easy understanding of the new
        feature(s). This step mainly concern writing docstrings (module, class, and function)
        as shown below, but you could also have to change .rst documentation if
        your changes concern general working principle of the ITF (e.g. cli). 
        To ensure proper formatting of the documentation, run ``invoke docs`` 
        in the poetry environment.
```

        Extended description of the module's functionnality,
        how it works, etc

        .. currentmodule:: name_of_the_module
        """

    .. code:: python

        class ClassName:
        """Short description of class"""

    .. code:: python

        def fun(param1, param2):
        """Short description of fun.

        More extended description of the function
        if needed.

        :param param1: short description of param1
        :param param2: short description of param2
        :raise exception1: short description of raised exception

        :return: short description of the return parameter
        """

    .. note:: Make also sure to do the type hinting for exceptions

    - What's new section:
        Add your changes into the what's new section, so user can stay updated of the
        brand new features.

    - Changelog:
        Changelog is updated automatically with commit name. However commit names have
        to respect specific norms. (Your changes concern a bug fix, commit name must be : "fix: commit name")
        Further information on the naming can be found on: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

>     - Documentation have to build properly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Documentation has to build properly.
```

Any contributions to Kiso-testing project code base needs to be licensed under
EPL v2.0.

What should I do before committing ?
------------------------------------

PEP8-Compliancy
---------------
In order to maintain clear and user-friendly project, make sure that your
changes respect PEP8 standards. PEP8 is a guide that provides Python coding
conventions (naming, indentation,...).
Official document : https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/

To make sure your changes are PEP8 Compliant, different tools exist to help you
here:
    - linter (applicable on IDE) :
        show some warning directly on IDE
    - pre-commit hook :
        hook scripts that lint the added code using
    flake8 and format it using black and isort (for

>     installation see :ref:`getting_started`)

Reviewer 3: I think the reference is missing in getting_started.rst (`.. _getting_started`)

Author: It does not work neither with one or the other implemetation, just will replace with no reference

    .. code:: python

        def some_fun(some_dict_param: dict, some_string_param: str) -> list:

    .. note:: As not every types are available in the builtins, or as it is
        important to precise inner type you might import some from collections
        module or typing

    .. code:: python

        from typing import List
        from collections import namedtuple

        def some_fun(
            some_int_list_param: List[int], some_imported_type_param: namedtuple
        ) -> list:

Unit Testing
------------
To ensure the correct behaviour of your code, add unit tests for every function
you implemented.A convenient and pythonic way to do this is this is
given by `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/>`_
Code coverage is measured with `codecov <https://docs.codecov.com/docs>`_. It
simply checks if the code coverage is not going lower than it was before changes.

Examples Adaptation
-------------------
To ensure proper integration of your changes into the existing features,
and demonstrate their usages, adapt the examples of modified module, and run
it locally.

Update Documentation
--------------------

> Regarding documentation there are four main purposes that have to be fulfill

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Regarding documentation there are four main purposes that have to be fulfilled
```
